hey guys it's Chloe with your Holly buzz
there is so much just a beaver drama
right now I'm gonna start with Justin
Bieber is baring his butt again he's
flirting with kendall Jenner he actually
has a hot new hookup and no it's not
Selena Gomez now we actually have new
insane details of what happened with
Justin Bieber in Orlando Bloom they're
fighting Ibiza and on top of all of that
we've learned at hollywoodlife.com the
secret text message that Selena Gomez
sent to Orlando alright guys so we know
that Justin Bieber likes to Sag and yes
I'm talking about his pants but he took
it to a whole new sagging level on
August 3rd in Ibiza guys his pants are
so low I don't even know how he keeps
them on but there is so much other
justin bieber news besides his pants he
was actually making out with this girl
named melissa arse she's this gorgeous
brunette she's actually been in Playboy
before she was playing of the month in
July of 2013 she's 21 years old and they
were making out on top of a yacht major
props throw to hollywoodlife.com because
we were the first outlet to identify her
now if you're gonna google her these
pictures are not safe for work now she
has actually also posed for photo shoots
for the likes of Terry Richardson who
was actually famous for taking pictures
of Miley Cyrus and a bunch of other
celebrities but again these photos are
hot and wait till you're at home to look
at them so justin bieber also reunited
with an old rumored flame that would be
Kendall Jenner's that he was partying at
Ibiza for Riccardo Tisci the famous
fashion designer for his 40th birthday
party and not only did he actually hang
out with Kendall and take a picture with
her it was a triple kiss that he posted
on Instagram he also took a picture with
her mom Kris Jenner and he added her and
Kylie and he said who's your daddy
alright well that's weird for a lot of
reasons but one of the reasons is that's
totally creepy is that he was rumored to
have hooked up with both Kendall and
Kylie so then if he's saying who's your
daddy and implying that he could be
their dad it's totally weird
speaking of love triangles squares
Pentagon's quadrilaterals you name it
Selena Gomez what does she think about
all of this well hollywoodlife.com we've
learned Selena Gomez is disgusted by
these photos that she actually feels
like Justin is posting all this stuff to
make her jealous and she's probably
right we've also learned that close
friends of hers actually say
she's grateful that she's moving on with
her life and you know what Celina good
for you you deserve to be happy all
right guys so speaking of Selena Gomez
we've learned at hollywoodlife.com
Jackson reached out to Orlando Bloom
after the huge fight that he had we
actually tried to punch Dustin well she
texted him and she said that she was
sorry for his behavior and it turns out
guys guess what she's not team Justin
Bieber she is team Orlando crazy huh
like this isn't the first time that they
have actually confided to each other so
back in April
Selena cried on his shoulder about the
fact that Justin had allegedly cheated
on her and that's when he gave her some
really good advice he said Selena you
got to put your emotions first you got
to focus on you now if Selena and
Orlando are trying to take the high road
we're learning more about what happened
in that crazy fight in Ibiza
so not only to Justin allegedly say say
hi to Miranda for me and not only did he
reportedly say she was good the Sunday
people is saying now get this drumroll
please guys that he said that Miranda
said to him before they hooked up I want
to make a man out of you all right guys
so click on hussar above to subscribe
and let us know do you think that Selena
Gomez is really over Justin Bieber or do
you think like any girl when your ex is
rubbing all these new PO cups in your
face on social media that it would
really upset you bye guys
Selena Gomez has been spotted strutting
around town flaunting her but meanwhile
Justin has been taking pretty flirty